Rename composites (#932)
seqan/seqan3: doc/tutorial/alphabet/index.md

3. **Protein structure alphabet**. The [DSSP](\ref seqan3::dssp9) format represents secondary structure elements like
   alpha helices and turns.

> You can build a [Cartesian Composition](\ref seqan3::alphabet_tuple_base) with a nucleotide and quality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build an [Alphabet Tuple Composite](\ref seqan3::alphabet_tuple_base) with a nucleotide and quality
```
?

alphabet, or nucleotide / amino acid and structure alphabet that stores both information together.
For the use cases just described we offer pre-defined composites (seqan3::qualified, seqan3::structured_rna,
seqan3::structured_aa). See our API documentation for a detailed description of each.

## Gap alphabet

The seqan3::gap alphabet is the smallest alphabet in SeqAn, consisting only of the gap character.

> It is most often used in a [Union Composition](\ref seqan3::alphabet_variant) with a nucleotide or amino acid alphabet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is most often used in a [Alphabet Variant](\ref seqan3::alphabet_variant) with a nucleotide or amino acid alphabet
```
